# ssd2022
Repository for practice in Software System Development 2022
## Add your original line below starting with '* ' to be formatted as an item.
### Do not expose your private information because this is a public repository)

* Hi this is Hajimu!
* Write something unique in one line.


* If you get any conflicts when you make pull requests, try to resolve that by rebasing/merging with the latest contenmt.

* This is a new line for the git----... Welcome to my git

* Hello World!

* 2211417 - Thank you for today's class!

* I'm Koki form AHC LAB NAIST IS. I love cheese.
* Hi this is Yuki Mishima!
* I'm a member of Ubiquitous Computing Systems Lab.
* Hi, this is MA from NAIST. My ID is 2211415.

* Assignment Submission (Eunike)
* U◕ᴥ◕U
* Please let me in .... Raclette is life, raclette is love
* Follow me on Instagram: @kostjak98  and link up on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/konstantin-kulik-1454651b0/
* The sudden change in temperature has my nose confused. ><
* It's GS from sdlab!
* This is Yuan from SDLab!!!!!
* Ubi Ubi Ubi
* Hi this is Akira Kawabata!
* I'm struggling with my master thesis.
* My research area is natural language processing.
* Hi this is Adil!
* I belong to Cyber Resilience Lab (Information Science).
* My main research interest is in AI Native resource allocation for 6G network.
* :christmas_tree:
* Hi. I'm Kazutomo Nakamura.
* Hi. this is Gabriel from Software Engineering Laboratory.
* nyaaaan
* Hi. This is Hang from NLP lab.
* [by Hudi] I made this comment when Hajimu-sensei presenting the slides of lecture #4 p.39: Review and merge a pull request in GitHub(4). But apparently got conflict. Was requested to solve the conflict. But how could I resolve conflicts involving multiple parties? Shall I ask ChatGPT? or shall I just ask Eliza? maybe it is better to resolve it through World Cup. Oh but Japan has lost in the round of 16 ........ :')
* Hello, I'm Jaisri Pongchai (2211413).
* This pull request was automatically generated by a GitHub bot. It includes changes to the following files: README.md. The specific changes made to these files are as follows: Added a new line to README.md. Please review and merge these changes if they meet your approval. Thank you for using GitHub!
* I live in Osaka.
* Hi ^_^
* Hi everyone, I am Bernard (2211047) from Malaysia.
Hello, I'm from Chiba
Take your heart
* I'm a Ubi Lab member
* I have a pen.
* lets go!
* Switch kaitai...orz
* I love doraemon!
* I love shen
* I love natto
* #Nyaoha Tatsuna!!! (2011424)
* Sawaddee from SE Lab :)
* Hello everyone!! It's too cold now!!!
